------------------------------------------------------------------------------
README file for Open Federation Library
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.
  
Copyright (c) 2008 Sun Microsystems Inc. All Rights Reserved
  
The contents of this file are subject to the terms
of the Common Development and Distribution License
(the License). You may not use this file except in
compliance with the License.

You can obtain a copy of the License at
https://opensso.dev.java.net/public/CDDLv1.0.html or
opensso/legal/CDDLv1.0.txt
See the License for the specific language governing
permission and limitations under the License.

When distributing Covered Code, include this CDDL
Header Notice in each file and include the License file
at opensso/legal/CDDLv1.0.txt.
If applicable, add the following below the CDDL Header,
with the fields enclosed by brackets [] replaced by
your own identifying information:
"Portions Copyrighted [year] [name of copyright owner]"

$Id: README,v 1.3 2008/11/24 18:51:13 alanchu Exp $



%% Contents:
    %% 1. Contents of this directory 
    %% 2. How to use AG.war with your Fedlet application 


%% 1. Contents of this directory 
   This README file provides information on Assertion Generator (AG).
   The Assertion Generator is a deployable WAR which could be used to
   generate SAMLv2 Single Sign-on Assertions to validate your Fedlet setup.
 
   AG.zip 
     |
     |- AG.war        Assertion Generation WAR file. This is a ready-to-deploy 
     |                WAR to test the Fedlet configuration.
     |
     |- README        This README file. The file shows how to use the
                      Assertion Generator with your Fedlet application.


%% 2. How to use AG.war with your Fedlet application 
     
<Prerequisites>

    - Before deploying the Assertion generator war file, the Fedlet
      has to be deployed and configured, i.e. there should a Fedlet 
      home directory that contains the IDP and Fedlet (SP) meta data. 

    - The Assertion generator WAR has to be deployed in the same web 
      container where your Fedlet application is deploy.

<Steps to Validate the Fedlet>

Step 1: Back up the Fedlet home directory
    
    Save a copy of the whole Fedlet home directory before making
    following changes. You will need to restore them before running
    Fedlet application with your real IDP. 

Step 2: Configure Assertion Generator 

    Depending on whether the priate key from the real IDP is available
    or not, follow the instructions described in one of the two cases 
    below to configure your Assertion Generator:

    Case I: If the private key from the real IDP is not available (this 
            is the most common case)
   
        (a) Remove the idp.xml and idp-extended.xml from the Fedlet home
            directory.
        (b) Restart the web container.
        (c) Access the AG index.jsp page. AG will copy a test IDP metadata 
            and keystore to the Fedlet home directory. The test IDP will 
            be used to validate your Fedlet setup.
     
    Case II: If the private key from the real IDP is available 
        
	(a) Import the the private key into the "keystore.jks" under
            your Fedlet home directory. This has to be done after 
            accessing the Assertion Generator index.jsp and before 
            actually running the assertion generation test. 

        Note: Make sure you are using the alias name "test" when 
        importing the private key into the keystore.jks file (you need
        to remove the bundled "test" private key before importing the 
        new one). 

Step 3: Edit the "FederationConfig.properties" 

    Edit the "FederationConfig.properties" under your Fedlet home
    directory. Replace all occurence of "@FEDLET_HOME@" with the 
    actual fedlet home directory name, e.g. "/fedlet". 

Step 4: Restart your web container.

Step 5: Access the AG index.jsp page using your browser to validate
        the Fedlet

    The AG index page has relaystate and attribute input fields for
    you to enter. To add attributes, you first need to remove the 
    null value. Selecting the null value from the first column and 
    click on the remove button will remove the value. To add an 
    attribute, enter the name and value of the attribute in the 
    respective field and click the "Add" button. 

    Once all the desired attribute have been entered, select all 
    the values under the Name column and select all the values 
    under the Value column, click "Submit Query" button to run the 
    Assertion Generator code. 

    The AG will create a SAML2 Single Sign-on Assertion and post 
    it to your Fedlet application. If your Fedlet is configured 
    correctly, Single Sign-on will be successful, and your Fedlet
    application will be invoked. 

Step 6: Restore the original Fedlet home directory

    Restore the original Fedlet home directory before running
    Fedlet application with your real IDP. 
